:
Let's see. Hi, everyone. I'll quickly introduce myself to I'm Goksu. Thanks for having me here, making time for me. I've recently been doing a lot of freelance brand design in the past three to four years and with multiple companies, starting from startups to global I'm sure you're familiar with. So I'm very excited to be here and talk to you about my experience and kind of tell you what I've done for them, which hopefully might relate to what you're doing at LetterStack. I've completed a presentation, which is pretty long but I'll skim through all the visuals and then kind of talk over how I got there and why and so on so forth. Um, let's see. I'll share a screen. Let me know if you see the presentation. Yeah. Okay. Awesome. We'll do a full screen. Okay. Awesome. Okay. Great. Okay. So, so real quick, I'm not sure if we see if I think we still see the not full screen version of the presentation as possible kind of like the way that the the screen setup has happened that it like it's kind of stuck us on this older one on the on the PDF itself. Let me try again. Awesome. Did that work? No, it didn't. Maybe two options are one is we can, if you want to share the whole screen instead of just the application, that might be what would do it. Here we go. Let's see. Is that looking good? Okay, thank you. Okay, a little more about me because I feel like I have an interesting background and I love sharing it. I'm from Istanbul and I moved to United States when I was 18 to start studying design and art, which was something that I taught myself before I turned 18. And I just wanted to make sure that I have a solid education to add on top of it. So instead of keeping it as a hobby, I turned it into profession and I studied at two different colleges, which one is Foothill College, supposed to be one of the greatest community colleges in America and I second that, totally worth it. I studied art there about for two and a half years and got my general education as well. After that transferred to, actually I did a year gap of freelancing, trying to figure out how that kind of like profession works out, finding my own clients and finding new projects and so forth, billing people, design brief, I tried to teach that to myself for a year and that got me opportunities to work with startups around the area, as well as small clients like friends and friends of family, friends and random Craigslist partners. I've done that for a year and then transferred to SF State, which is the San Francisco State University and got my Bachelor of Science in Visual Communication Design. And I finished both degrees with honors, very proud of it. I didn't know I was gonna do it, but they presented me with the honors. I was really happy about it. My favorite tools to explore and design are definitely Illustrator and Figma. I've done so much in Photoshop, don't use it as much anymore, but it's kind of one of my favorite tools to use in general. After Effect has been really fun to use in the past two years or so. I've been doing more of that, doing a lot of animations, not so much like character, but just different transitions and stuff, really fun. And I've also been using a lot of Blender and Procreate in the past two years as well. They're kind of like my personal project tools. I really like to learn on the go as well. My design background is heavily focused on marketing and branding and my own projects focus on experimental design. And let's say kind of some brands that I work with are Twitter, Mixpanel, Segment. I work with Apple as not a designer. I was a technical specialist, which is also an amazing job. And I'll tell you more about if you want to know. And what else? I worked with San Francisco Chronicle, which was a great experience and so forth and on. I've probably worked a total of like, I don't even know, 20 plus companies in the past seven years that I've been in design. It's been really fun, but to be quite honest, So that's one of the reasons I'm here talking to you, hoping to get a similar experience with the end up working together. I'll tell you about three of my big projects and brands that I worked with. One of them is Mixpanel, the other one is Segment, and then I'm going to present Desen, which is a fashion design company that's based in San Francisco. And the first one is Mixpanel. So let's dive into what I've done and kind of show you my process as well. Some stuff that I've done for Mixpanel include like guidebooks. which is a PDF ebook that we created. And then I've created some landing pages for the website on Figma. I have created tons of tons of ads, both paid and for social. I've created hero illustrations for blogs and events and webinars. I've created tab tables and graphs for certain landing pages or presentations. And the quiz. I don't really know what the quiz is about. I think it's like a type form quiz kind of thing. I'll get there. A few facts about Mixpanel of this project specifically I'll be explaining to you is called Advancing Your Product Analysis Strategy. So it's basically an ebook guide to explain people how they can assess their maturity and what to do next. And maturity means like... their understanding of data analysis and what they do with what they know and what they have. And then they decide which level they are at on their understanding of data analysis. So after that, they can take a broader look at how they can use more of Mixpanel. The problem that we were trying to solve with this project is some users of Mixpanel didn't get the most use of their data. So we wanted to make sure that they can do a lot more with what they have. So we presented this ebook. The solution exploration was to create a series of ebooks. And this was the first book, it's called Product Analysis Series, but this was the first book initially that we created. So we had to create a control of like a complete new sub branding. If I say, under the Mixed Metal branding for this series. So it was kind of like a long project, I would say it took about like three months or so of working on it, including the ebook and the landing page and all the marketing and content included from start to end. let's say our solution was a PDF ebook because it was during COVID and we didn't want to print out anything and send it out to our customers. And we tried to do an ebook for that reason. And I would say it was really successful. We've had a lot of clicks. We've posted it on TechCrunch, I believe, and got a lot of views. And I'll show you our process of working on this. Let's see. This is kind of like the mock-up of the sub-branding with it. And me, Alex and Mark worked on this project together. Mark is the brand designer, the lead brand designer. Alex is the product designer, and he's worked on mostly the landing page. I'll get there soon. And then Mark, Michael, not Mark, Michael helped me out with sub branding. So we kind of conceptualized it together. And I illustrated it completely with his feedback and other inputs as in a creative director, as a creative director. So the ideas we explored. Let's see if I can zoom in. This was kind of given to me, if you can see, the sub-branding ideology. And we kind of pulled out some elements from, of course, our branding, and as well as some external inspiration from really talented illustrators who are just talented and have really good vision. So we put down this. really simple distinctive illustrations that we wanted to follow as the sub-brand guide and kind of made keywords to describe what this ebook is going to tell. So strategy, moving forward, goal setting, collecting data and transforming data into actionable insights is these are the main keywords of the entire ebook series. And this little idea mood board that we have is strictly for the book cover that is going to represent the entire book and the series. The second action item I took was to visualize the product analytics keywords. So... For segmentation, collection, data, strategy focus, whereas data headed and collaboration flows, these are kind of like the main illustrations I created with again, Michael's feedback. And these were kind of hand sketch as well as pulled out from previous designs that we used for blogs and anything else, anything else brand. So it's a combination of both. sketching from scratch and finding inspiration from actual branding. And then I'll show you a few iterations that this is kind of like my workflow. I start making artworks in artboards in Illustrator and kind of, whoops, sorry, sorry, I scrolled too fast. a little slow. Let's go back. As you're scrolling, I guess one question I have is like, how did you guys come up with this kind of, to me it kind of looks almost like a kind of like an 80s like space theme crossover with like MC Escher kind of thing. How did that like feeling, how did you guys come up with that kind of feel? It was a good question. I was just gonna mention that, but we've had two, we've had two ideas to follow. One of them was either gonna be a kinetic type kind of visualization. We wanted to really add motion, but then eventually we had to diverge away from it because it was going to take way more time and money and budget. And the second option was a futuristic tech pressionism. So that's kind of the idea of where the brand identity was moving forward and we wanted to implement that before the brand is rebranded into that futuristic nostalgic. tech illustration style is. So it was essentially an idea that they already had to imply on the rebranding, which if you go to Mixpal's website right now, they are using that style. So this kind of came about on that part. I hope it explains well. That's great. That's really cool. It's awesome. Sorry, I was on mute. Oh, no worries. So I'm gonna zoom in and see if this works. I don't usually use Acrobat to present, but here we go. So the details basically are just changing the colors, changing like itty bitty things and just making sure that everything has balance and the illustrations are not scattered too much and they actually make sense. But the first, let's say like, probably 20 iterations I had here took like maybe a few days to a week to go back and forth feedback and the eye was too much and we kind of diverged away from it. All of these four iterations that you see, they're just not kind of like not balanced enough, not integrated together enough. These are kind of like feedbacks I have. And then I'm moving away from. too much color, so we chose to have only yellow and purple at this time and I'm kind of making more iterations as you can see, there's just a few changes, each item. And then sometimes I put it on the mockup to see if it looks different, if it looks better. And then all of these implementations are again, shared with my brand design team lead. And he's giving me feedback on how to proceed and kind of... maybe give suggestions like this red box over here. Michael was like, maybe you can cut that part off to make it more geometrical and small iterations like that. So I usually have a bunch of art boards that I'm working with and they have very small differentiations until I can find the perfect final results. And in this case, this little guy over here is the perfect balance illustration that we kind of finalized on. Whoops, the one over here, I believe. Let's see, let me zoom out and see. Yes, so this is the final book. look. And then again, this took about maybe two weeks of going back and forth, starting from scratch. And I'm very pleased with it. I hope you like it as well. See, I'm going to move to the next items for this project. So again, I've done about like, maybe 200 ads for this specific project and The ones you see on the left are specifically for paid ads and email banners. And the speakers are included, the headline. It's kind of advertising the webinar that we launched before or during the day of the ebooks launch as well. And on the left side, you'll see some illustrations I've created. for the hero of the landing pages of this ebook. I'm not gonna zoom into that, but it's basically again, a lot of itty bitty illustrations of like different versions and they diverge from, they diverge from, so they actually explain a few things. Let me tell you a little bit about that. These hero illustrations are supposed to, are supposed to, explain the stages that the companies at in their analytics process. So the first one is none. Sorry, let's see. Ah, happened again. The first one is, can we go back, please, Adobe? I know. Sorry about that. I don't know why it keeps going forward instead of back. No worries. I promise I'm clicking back. So these hero illustrations are displayed on the top part of each landing page that explains the stages of the products, as well as if you can say like the chapters. So the first one is supposed to explain non-existent data analytics. novice, intermediate, advanced, and expert. So the ideology was to create a very simple, start from a very simple cube to a 3D, a square to a 3D cube, and then just generate a geometrical shape that gets more in depth and sided and more data. there would be more data flow as well. So we're trying to explain that through geometrical shapes. And as you can see, the first one is a square and then it goes into a cube and then it goes into just shape, spiral shape and then it goes into a hexagon and so on forth. And my versions start from a simple black and yellow to a very gradiated and noised and data flowy, data points and flows kind of look. And let me see, I'll show you the final versions. but this is the very, very simple version how we started a square with data points, a cube with data points and so forth so on. Let's see if I can show you some other stuff. These are some graphs that I made. I usually make these in Figma. It's a lot easier to do components and then copy paste the... the content and make sure everything's aligned. And on the left side, it's a very detailed and content heavy table that I created, which seems super simple, but sometimes it gets tricky when you have so much content and I'm really proud of how it's looking. And those are a part of the landing pages that we created with Alex and this is where it is. So I'll click on the actual project and show you, but this is our, that was our Figma file. that we kind of like worked on together. So this is how I work on Figma. All right, we'll plug in. There's a bunch of notes in here. Let me show you the actual landing page. Alex did the templation of the landing page, and I plugged in all the graphs and the illustrations that I've created, as well as making sure there's not any typos. And I plugged in anything PNG and SVG, I plugged in, and I helped him give feedback. test it out and so forth so on. But the templatization was created by Alex, so not me. So this is kind of like an illustration that I cropped out of the hero cover that I made and then made it fit the actual landing page banner size. And kind of goes like this. This is the landing page I was working on at the same time as branding the branding the entire project so we were working on it intermittently as well as at the same time, working with content creators and Alex kind of plugging in whatever we have. And this is the last version of the hero images just, just so you know. Actually, the landing page looks fantastic. I'm, would be curious to hear how do you like, how do you approach a project like that in context of like the website that makes panel already has. Um, that's a good question. Um, for me, I wanted to make sure that, um, I wanted to make sure that we still have a mixed panel feeling into this. So we kind of use the same branding colors that we wanted to proceed within the next month or two as well with the new branding. So, um, there's been two considerations. One, keep the, keep the brand aesthetic, which means like the illustration style. Mostly. And the second is keep the colors the same so that it's not something entirely new. And I haven't really created the brand of Mixpanel like the brand guidelines. So it was already given to me as a inspiration source. And the, I guess the differentiation is that it has to look similar enough, but different. enough and that just comes from exploring and adding ideas and kind of visually matching what we already have and what we want to see us represented as. And it's a really big project so we wanted to use the illustrations that I created at first as the main characters if you may say for the entire book. For example like when you click on the next next chapter, there's some sort of an illustration that is from the book sub branding itself. Even if it's not completely necessary to be there, we wanted to give it a good sub brand flow. So it's kind of how we handle that at that point. I hope it makes sense. Yeah, definitely. That's great. Okay, any other questions about that project? Because I'm... I'm satisfied with it and I'm going to jump onto segments. Let's move on. Yeah. Okay. For segments, that's the first data company I worked with and they hired me as a contract designer for their brand team when they started their rebranding. And I believe it was like February, 2019, I believe. And so I got on board it and a week later, they started rebranding their entire brand, which was again, similar to what they've already used before, but the illustrations and the colors and let's say what else and the logo were pretty much a lot different than before. Those are the main three things that they've changed. And the illustration style was really complicated. So that's why they need another person to take on the pre-existing branding materials and turn into the new branding look. That's kind of where I came to be a part of the brand. And I'm sure you know a lot about Segment, knowing that you partner with them, you're kind of competitors on the same business model. So Segment is a company that develops platform for collecting customer data. Segment really helped me understand what data pipelines and data analytics is. And I've kind of taken a lot of, taken on a lot of meetings. I just jumped into random meetings to understand what the company does because it's an abstract concept. It was an abstract concept at the time for me. So they've really helped me understand the industry. And... The problem that we had when I onboarded was the company has just raised a lot of money and the Gravedier employees size about 500 people and needed immediate help on rebranding the company and the web as well as internal projects. And what we did was me and the two brand designers at the time, Keena and Brian, took on the entire responsibility of rebranding every necessary internal and external sources, which include. landing pages, it includes branding illustrations, like the book itself, the illustration book itself, and guidebooks and security essentials and PDFs and presentations and so forth. I'll show you a little bit about what I did there. So this is a very good example of how the pre-branding, pre-Goksu and after-Goksu illustrations. So if you can see, it was pretty simple illustrations with not much of branding at all applied to it. It's just lines, but just simple lines, simple colors. And then we've kind of turned it into multiple lines, data flows and our lines were broken periodically. So that kind of gave the brand look that we needed. And we gave every icon a kind of like a shadow, a sliced shadow, you'll see more of it in a bit. And that kind of made the segment branding. And truthfully, this ideology or the design concept did not come from me, it came from Keena. She was already working on this style right before I got there. So my job was to apply this aesthetic to everything that the brand already had and will have in the future. Show you. So these are kind of like my explorations that I've created while we were creating the brand illustrations. So on the left bottom side right here are segments, illustration bits. We call them the bits, so they basically are fillers for everything that we create if we need to fill with abstract imagery. We use these, and this is kind of like my illustration tabloid, where I started exploring the style and trying to find the style. And then the illustration booklet came about with, again, Keena finding this aesthetic and me applying it to. certain illustrations that we already had. So like the server illustration looked a lot more simpler and I applied the aesthetic, the global icon, schedule loans, alerts, send all of these iconographies are some stuff that we already used on the web. We just needed to rebrand into the broken line aesthetic. And there's again, about like a hundred iconographies here. And another few examples, these are screenshots I've taken from certain presentations, explaining diagrams, spot illustrations like this, and some stuff I use for like maybe ads or landing pages. We use this kind of stuff for fillers and just... I don't know, it was used pretty broadly, but the diagrams are used to explain the product. And this is one of the presentations I made. It's a long presentation. I just wanted to show this because it has a lot of illustrations and layout that I've done. And so every illustration I've done in this guidebook is done by me, created by hand, illustrator, and then laid out on either InDesign Yeah, it's probably just in design I used at the time. And the layout is already created by me and the typography and everything. So hopefully you'll get it in a way that it attracts your eye. I'll just skim through it. If you can see the brand bits that I created, use Scatterly just to fill areas of negative space. you see on the corners and top has those two. I believe I was using two different fonts. Not sure what they were. Okay, I actually remember downloading this guidebook and reading through it. You did? I did a lot of, I was working with segment a lot in this era. Um, like doing segment implementations and stuff. That's so funny. Thanks. I mean, thanks for telling me. Great. I never talked to my actual viewers. I just deploy it and be like, all right, I hope people like it. I really enjoyed it. I remember thinking like, this is nice because it's super clean, but it also has visual interest, which is, I think, hard to do in a, in a, in this format. I agree. I agree. And I think this was a longer PDF. I'm just showing you a few pages. I believe it was like 50 pages or something, but most pages are repetitive and they look the same. So I'm trying to skim through those. And, um, let's see. So this is another PDF that I did. Um, Again, illustration and layout created completely by me. We'll zoom into this because there's a lot of details explaining the product here. So it's kind of like the cover. It explains security essentials. And then here we explain data collection by iconography and table work. I don't know what happened here, cut off the word, but it wasn't like that. And there's another table illustration right here. And all these lines, I don't know if they're looking like pixelated and all of that is just because I'm using the PDF version right now. It wasn't like that. So just wanted to show you that. Other three pages, kind of pretty straightforward. I'm pretty sure this was external for upcoming or current clients. Generally explaining the security of segment. Yeah. Let's see. And then how much do I have time for it? I have another 20 minutes. I can take some more questions about Segment if you have and then go over my third project. I have a quick question about the Segment thing. Kind of like, I know you mentioned that your colleague like had come up with the initial design, but kind of eventually you're all become like ambassadors for the style, right? And I guess like, were there ever times where you disagreed with the style either like broadly on the minutiae and like, how did you, how did you like incorporate that into like your eventual designs? That's a good question. I came up with the color palette that was rejected in the first two weeks. So when I first got onboarded, the brand, the new rebranding was really not there. It was just barely started. And what they were focusing on as a team was the timeline, which helped us a lot, like immensely, because we also lost our project manager within the first two weeks of me getting onboarded. So it was a little bit of a stressful time for them. And I wasn't affected as much because I was like barely getting onboarded and I had my own things to do. So they were really crunched up and stressed about all the design. They told me I could explore more color iterations and kind of present them besides the green and gray palette that they had. They thought it was a little bit too dull and boring. So I presented, if I can, let's say go back, I'll show you the colors I presented. Let's see. I presented these purpley bluish tones with a little bit of red and their same green that they were using for their logo. And that was very much liked by Kina and Brian who are the brand designers, but the rest of the team which include a lot of product designers, engineers, and design researcher were not. much interested in using a very saturated and purple color just because it was used by a lot of their competitors and a lot of their other sub-brands that they had. So that was one rejection that I got and I understood why they were saying that because they don't want to look like the other brands. They want to be very distinctive and that's kind of why we stuck with the actual colors that they had from the beginning of time. So it's kind of one thing I can explain that in that question realm. Yeah, awesome. Cool. Perfect. It's great to hear the stories of how these things like end up the way they are, right? on branding decisions. Yeah, I mean, you know, they look and research sometimes more than I do about other brands. So it really does help. And Keena and Brian liked it because they have artistic eyes and they liked how the color pop, but you know, there's always other reasons of why and why not to use certain colors or fonts or whatnot that is included in the branding. So. It was, I think it was eventually a good decision. It definitely made me, I mean, honestly made me work less on rebranding and we had more time to do what we could do so that we didn't have to change so much either. So I was pleased with the outcome, even though I was rejected. My idea was rejected, so. Thanks for asking. Sounds good. And the third project I'll tell you about is one of my passion projects. Let's get to it. I did a lot of projects that I didn't get paid for because I was really interested in learning and becoming part of teams that I wanted to work with and just kind of exploring what I can do and what I can't do, even if I was giving a job or not. So I usually ask friends out and be like, hello. I'm a designer, do you need my help? And I have this much of time, I wanna do this or that if you have a project that matches my desires and your desires, let's do it. So this is one of those projects. At the time, a friend's mentor was about to launch her project of the first circular accessory brand in the United States, which... Circular means if you're not familiar, it means that it comes from the earth and it goes back to the earth. So it's a hundred percent sustainable and it's mostly biodegradable. So these products that she created were 3D printed with bio-recyclable materials. And I was super interested in the brand idea and her vision of what the website and the brand wanted to look like matched perfectly with what I wanted to create for my portfolio. and I wanted to explore creating an e-commerce brand. And so everything we wanted to do matched. And I spent about four months or so creating this brand from scratch. And what I created includes logo studies, logo branding work, that includes, you know, fonts, color seams and everything it's seen, a workflow and a website. And I've also done a lot of email flows. I've done packaging as well for them and their products. And let's say what else? I've done some marketing materials as well. Let's see, I'll skip the problem and solution, but generally what it was that there was nothing in hand for branding. So I had to propose the timeline. I had to propose sketches and that start from logo to all the way to packaging and website. And that was the solution. And the reason it was so easy to work with Dilek, the CEO, was because, again, our design aesthetic needs and wants were pretty much very aligned. And the way I learned about this was she showed me her mood boards and design inspirations that she's been collecting for over a year. So she was very professional at it. And when she presented to me, I said, yes, this is perfect. That's what I wanna do. And this is kind of how the logo studies came about. I started with Illustrator and we wanted to make it type-based because the main reason was because most fashion brands use type-based logos. And we wanted to be remembered with our name, not necessarily the logo. So, Dezen, we wanted to do a very futuristic, very minimalistic and bold look. So these are my logo explorations. They started with black and white illustrations and I applied color to them, color contrast, and I also applied it on a use case, which is like a landing page, as you see over here. And then I applied it to a mock-up of a... what do you call, boxing and packaging so that we could see it in mode of utilization. And then there's a few more variations I tried to explore. There's some mood boards that I received from the CEO of how the website should look like. And we've kind of done this mood board together actually. Some of it is her inspiration, some of it is mine. And if you can look overall, they match pretty much like, they pretty much match the aesthetic of what we were thinking of. And my first mock-ups of the website look like this. We ended up doing all of our photo shoots together. We've ended up editing the photos together, both product and model photos. We ended up scheduling models. We ended up scheduling print materials for packaging. We ended up playing around with packaging and kind of doing everything creative together with the CEO. And then I'll show you the final branding that I came up with in this format because this is how I presented it to the brand and the team that we had at the time. and just. So I guess this is the top. The colors we chose were white, off white, off black, and gold, just because our products were very colorful. And every time we release new products, they are different colors. So we wanted to make sure that the brand doesn't take away from those colors. And we wanted the product to be representing of color. the colors of the brand, not necessarily the brand itself, brand identity itself. The font I chose were, I think this is called Extended, what is it called? I'm blanking on the name of the font, but it's a futuristic, very new 2019 font that is bold and extended, which is a theme you can see in futuristic brands and new brands that are coming out the design sector. And the look that we wanted to follow was feature-stake, environmentally friendly and fashion-forward, which includes like earthy visuals and rocks and stuff. And the website mockup kind of looks like this. I will go on the website and show you actually how it works in a second. Brand identity. We wanted to use models who are who give up like earthy and very simple, not too much makeup, not too much hair products and not too much like extravagance or clothing on them so that we can highlight the product itself. And this is a photo that me and my friend Serkan took as the first initial picture. Kind of like the branding. This is a photo I took of the product. and we used it on the website at some point, some photos. I creative directed all these photos that my photographer friends are con. and then it goes like this. And we also used Shopify for this. So I've learned how to use Shopify with this project specifically. It was a learning curve for sure. And I'm so glad I learned it because it's not as easy as I thought it was going to be with e-commerce and all the email tools that Shopify provides and all the coding language that I was not familiar with. I'm going to walk you through the last thing I want to show you about this brand. I am going to walk you through. Actually, let's do it like this. Whoops. Here we go. So this is the final website. I created it from scratch. stuff. starts like this, there's a video preview that I edited out. products to highlight. about the brand. more information, an email subscription button. These little iconographies I created as well. I just want to show you the functionality. Yeah. Yeah, so this is one of my passion projects that I created and I'm very proud to do it. So, because it's one of the only branding, one of the first branding experiences I had that I had to create from extremely like nothing to everything. So, very proud of it. We're proud to show you. If you have any feedback, I'm open to it. If you have any questions, you can ask so now. I am not the person to give feedback on a fashion brand because I have a horrible fashion sense, but no, I think it's really neat to see. I think one thing that stuck out to me with that was that you translated this sort of core values of the brand really into almost every aspect, I think, which is neat, you know, from photography to colors, which was great. Um, we have a few minutes left. Brooks and Brian, do you have any other questions? I'd love to leave a couple of minutes for Goksu to ask us some questions about Rutterstack as well. Um, I have a general question that's not for this design, but I guess like, I don't know if you've kind of went through this interview, it's like, what are you trying to get out of Rutterstack? I think like, uh, cause it sounds like you've already done a couple of stuff in this space, are you trying to do like a, are you trying to like be able to. take this like full end-to-end brand exercise and be able to apply it to like an organization? Are you trying to like hone a specific talent or a specific area of it? Or like, I guess like, what are you looking for? What I'm looking for in Rutter Stack is definitely learning on the go is definitely a passion. I want to be able to do... more motion design or 3D design. So all these new things that I'm learning, I would hope to be able to use it for other stack. But the main thing is that I want to be a part of the company where I get to have a very much of like control over the branding and how it will evolve as the company grows into a bigger stage. And that I haven't really been able to do by myself. So eventually hoping to be, you know, a lead designer where I get to play around with ideologies and create a branding for a brand and kind of like have creative control over almost the ideology aspect and like production aspect of it. So I'm just trying to find a bigger project. That's pretty much it. And I'm also ready to move on to a full-time job and. kind of like work with a team on the longer run rather than just having three to six months experiences with companies and then having to say goodbye. So that's also something that I'm looking for and the next job in general. But yeah, learning, being able to have more control over branding and kind of do what I did for Desen for a bigger company and implement and learn on the go as well. Awesome. Perfect. Roxy, you have anything? Go ahead. Yeah, I was just gonna say with that in mind, I mean, I think one of the things, like the Mixpanel project was really cool, really cool to see kind of the iterative process there. And it sounds like there were like the creative team working on that project was pretty large and like you got feedback from a lot of different folks. What are your thoughts on like working in an environment where as far as like creative direction goes, it'll just be like a smaller, potentially like smaller creative team where you really would be driving more of those decisions like on your own. It sounds like that's kind of sort of what you're looking for, but I know at the same time, it can be hard to be like, Hey, I'm kind of not by myself. Like there will be lots of folks who hear who I think can give you input, but just not with as much like rich design sense as maybe you're used to. Truly, I'm not really used to it. Comes as a very, like very, very nice thing to have a big team who can give constructive design feedback, but that doesn't happen to me often. So with Mixpanel, I was lucky enough to have brand designers who are really on top of their game, like, you know, just they're amazing. And they love jumping onto Zoom and just talking to me about anything and giving me feedback at any time. But that's not something I'm used to for like, for example, with this Zen, there was no other designers, it was just me and the CEO who's a fashion designer. So she has an eye, but she really let me do everything on my own. So that's kind of what I'm looking for to do for a bigger brand. And I love working with teams, but they don't really, I don't really seek out constructive design feedback. If I don't have it, it will be fine. I would still ask you and other people if you have time to look over because an eye is an eye, right? Like it's always good to have feedback no matter how into design they are. And I think by not having that creative, by not having like a creative director, I would learn more about how to become one for my own. So that would be a really good achievement for me. I would love to get better at like project management and also like creative direction for like the next time I have maybe another teammate. who works with me, I'm able to do what they've done to me at Banks Panel and so that I could kind of like transfer that knowledge to them. So this would be a kind of like a little bit of a learning curve for me, but at the same time, I'm used to it as a freelancer, just working on my own and not relying on feedback and just kind of like leaving a project for a day and looking back at it and trying to realize. you know, if I've done a mistake or so. So pretty much, I hope that like explains all. Yeah, no, that's great. Okay, awesome. I try to explain. We have a couple of minutes. Do you have any questions for us? I do have a few questions. General questions, I usually ask these. most companies that I interview, but there's a couple questions that I wanted to ask. Let me stop sharing. Let's see. So I'm going to go through this. Hold on. Who will I be working most closely with? I think I know that. I've talked to Eric and I asked you a few of these questions. So let me skim through and see. Okay, so one of the questions I can probably ask is a good question. What types of skills is a team missing and you're looking to fill with this higher? And who else are you working with right now as a designer? That's a great question. I can take a pass at that. Really we need sort of visual design skills on the marketing and branding side across the spectrum. So, I mean, in many ways, a lot of the stuff you showed us, right? So landing page designs, illustration, elements across the brand, PDFs, emails, I mean, you name it and it's kind of... we kind of think about it in two ways, like sort of creating a visual system around our brand and updating the elements that need to be updated, and then sort of distributing that across our channels. And so it's really a lot of the stuff that you showed us. Currently we work with an agency, and it's been a very painful relationship in part just because they don't have context. And so that's one thing that we're really excited about is having someone on the team who we can collaborate really closely with. Just because as you know, sort of working with mixed-final and kind of understanding how do you take data-focused concepts and then communicate them visually and then especially, I mean, even just the things like, you know, designing a table where there's tons of information. Hold on one second. So yeah, that's kind of a quick overview of that. Does that make sense? Yeah, yeah, yeah. And I'm understanding that you're hoping to ditch the agency completely with the full-time hire and the only designer will be this position. Yeah. Yes, for sure. And I mean, I would say like, We haven't had someone, an individual in-house to oversee branding stuff and design. And so, depending on projects and scale, it's not out of the realm of possibility that we would like bring on an agency or hire like an outsource illustrator or something, but that's something we want someone who's leading the visual marketing design to decide on. Whereas now we've just been completely reliant on an agency. And so we get sort of inconsistent results and that's been challenging. Yeah, I can see that. Let's see. I'm going to take a few more minutes if that's okay. Yeah, yeah, that's fine. Okay, so this is a more of a personal question. Any of you can answer. I don't need to answer it from all of you. But if you have any excitement about this company's future and why you're here to see that, can you explain like what excites you about of this company? Yeah, I will give a... I think we should all try to answer that and we can try to be brave. I spent many years trying to drive growth and marketing with data. And it's very, very hard. And that actually led me to using Segment. And then I sort of ran into some of the limitations of segment as a product from a technical perspective and sort of a like cost scale perspective. And I just remember finding RutterSack and saying, I mean, this really, this is really the solution here to all those challenges that I faced. And so, and then also on a sort of, I mean whatever you can call this personal or work note that we use our own product internally. to drive sales and marketing with data. And so there are multiple times a week where I'm like, oh, it's so nice that we can just do that in Rutter Stack. So that is kind of a, it's really neat to be able to work in an environment where we use our own product and it really does make our lives easier in many ways. Brooks, you wanna answer? Yeah, absolutely. I think similar to Eric, I mean, it's just exciting to be at a company that's in a space that is just like rapidly evolving, but also it's, I mean, pretty apparent and COVID made it even more apparent that this is just kind of like data is the future and it's gonna be a huge part of the way businesses work for, you know, until some, you know. something insane happens and it's like the next, you know, the next massive technological advancement. Um, but it's, it's just, it's really fun to be working in a space that there's tons of innovation, like in our company and outside of our company, but all in the same space. Um, and then I think the, like the second piece of it is, um, it's just a really like awesome team to be a part of the, like, Everyone is brilliant. Everyone worked really hard. Pretty much everybody's like very humble as well. And just like great to work with collaborative. You know, I think everybody has opinions and is willing to share them. But it's a really, you know, collaborative environment where I think everybody's like, hey, we're all on the same team. And we just want to make each other better. We want to make Rutter Stack better. And that's what, you know, we show up for every day. So. That's my quick, what excites me about Rutter Stack. Awesome, thank you. Yeah, and I guess I can, I mean, I guess we can all go, I'll take my last stab at this. Yeah, I mean, I think like what's, you've worked at the companies in the past, they've had their vision, similar like organization in the past, they've had their visions. I think that the vision of like what being able to have data connectivity for these ecosystems is not complete yet, right? And so like Rutter Stack is. It's not like, oh, it's a saturated market and we're like kind of trying to like inch our way into it. I think there's still like a ton of room out there. There's still a ton of organizations that stand to benefit from the capabilities we provide. The comps, like one thing that really gets me is that when I first joined, we had like a customer review. I joined alongside our customer success manager and I hopped in a lot of customer reviews and customers just love us, right? Like, I think like... out of 30 interviews, I think we had like 28 people who are just like absolutely like love our product and the stuff that we were providing them. And that tells me that there is like, we're solving like a real user problem here, either one that's like people haven't been exposed to this or even for people who've been exposed to these capabilities like being able to do it in a way that really allows them to like, you know, like. make the organization better, make their lives better, et cetera, et cetera. Like not to get too wishy washy about this. So I'm excited to continue. Like on the product side, I think there's a ton of opportunity to improve the product. We have a really great understanding of our customers and great love with them. So that's like a huge thing. And I think like, as Brooke said, an awesome team here. And I think like, regardless kind of of whatever twists and turns there are, this is kind of like what I think is really a recipe for like, both like a successful organization and like a great team to be part of. Awesome, that's perfect to hear, thank you. One more question that I have is like, how does RutterStack take on diversity and what are kind of like the core values if you have, if you can just briefly explain and how does like diversity take action at RutterStack? Eric, you wanna go ahead? Sure. Well, I mean, it sounds super cliche to say this, we really are committed to diversity. And actually one thing you'll meet Roshni, who's our head of talent who came over from Cloudflare. And so I lead the marketing team and We actually have had really strategic conversations around how to increase diversity of thought and background on the marketing team and in particular for this design role just because I think that's incredibly important. For a number of reasons, I think, as I think about the team, I think diversity of thought and background help us see things from a different perspective. I think it helps us tackle problems. from different perspectives, challenge assumptions that we have about things. And ultimately those drive just a better outcome for everyone. And that's something that we're pretty hungry for as a team. I mean, we wanna be challenged in the way that we think about things. And if you have just a cookie cutter of the same type of person across the team, it's really hard to get that. So Brian, did you have any additional thoughts there? Um, no, but I think you mentioned kind of like we brought in Roshni really recently, I would say like maybe three to four weeks ago. And one of the exercises she did was kind of what you mentioned here is like what our company values or our principles. We haven't, like the truth is we hadn't had the time to articulate that until very recently. And I don't think it's like kind of like completely compiled yet, but she went, she talked to me. I think she talked to Eric kind of like, what are your about? Like if you were to come up with the values, like what would they be? I can tell you what I think, I think I said a lot of them, like from like the, just like the previous question. Um, but general, I think like to reiterate those is just like a culture of respect, respecting people's ideas, their thoughts being just. generally very empathetic about others and kind of like extremely understand where people come from, not kind of like rejecting things immediately. And like, I don't know if there's like a good like catchphrase or like kind of like the still holding opinions but still kind of like making sure you incorporate other people's in there and taking that into just like a very... just like action oriented, but still thoughtful. It's like when people have problems, we hop on them immediately. Or like when people want conversations, we hop on them immediately. Like there's no kind of like, let's wait to do this later kind of thing. But at the same time, still making sure that we were thoughtful about the things we do. Awesome. Yeah. I'm good to hear. I didn't really see that on like your website. And I'm, I'm, I know that it's a smaller company than compared to like the, past three teams that I work with. So I wasn't sure if it was like established or in the works, but it's just good to hear that it's in the works. And that's kind of one of the company goals. It's great. I really value diversity as a queer woman who is an immigrant. It's very, very important to me that I am represented where I work. And the team that I work with is also that represents diversity. It fuels me. I think it's really important and design. just building a product in general. So it's really important to me. And I've looked over the LinkedIn people at Rutterstock and I have not seen any women. So is that reality? Like, is there no women at the company or is it kind of like, I just couldn't see that yet? No, I think that's a really good point. The gender diversity, I think is something that hasn't been great and something we want to. we're working on, I would say like out of the last 10 hires, it's been closer to 50%. I think so it's like our US team right now, I think beforehand it was like maybe one out of 13. Oh, fuck. Sorry, something completely fell. But now I think it's around, it's six out of 20. So like, that's the ratio. It's not like, you know. I didn't wanna trust my own research because I thought it would be impossible. So thanks for clarifying. Yeah, no, no, this is definitely important, I think for our team. I think like part of it is, it sounds like as being passionate, it's like, I think like we're looking for like, okay, to basically like, if, If this is what you care about, then this is something that you have an opportunity to help drive, not to put the burden, right? It's like there's gonna be the support, there's gonna be kind of like, there's multiple people kind of driving these efforts, but there is the opportunity to drive these things. And I think that's something that I wanna make very clear here as part of the organization. Awesome, good to hear. I mean, definitely like with McSpile, for example, I was on the board of immigrants. So there's a channel of immigrants and it was not really driven successfully. So even though I was a contractor, I told them I will drive it as long as I can. So those kind of things like channels of diversity or groups of whatever it might be, I'm totally interested. I would totally be interested in helping out with anything related to diversity or anything that... I have knowledge of that I can share with the company and the people over there. So that's definitely an interest of mine. If I'm gonna be onboarded at a company full-time, that's, I don't, I wouldn't just wanna be a designer. I would definitely wanna drive a force in the company's future and their career goals as well. That's like absolutely awesome to hear. And I think like that's something that we wanna be able to provide as an organization. Well, thank you so much. And that's all my questions. I knew I took a little bit more of your time, but if you have anything else, feel free to ask me. I do have time, so pass the ball to you. I think those are all the questions on our end. So Goksu, this has been really wonderful. We really appreciate it and appreciate you taking a few more minutes. I'll follow up with you via email on Next Steps. Awesome, thank you so much and very nice to meet you. Yes, great to meet you too, Goksu. Thanks so much. Hey, sorry for being late. Oh, no worries. I'll be right back.